README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">N-u-ked</h1>
<p align="center">A Discord self-bot for raiding servers written in Python 3.</p>

**I am not responsible for whatever you use the code for!!!**

# Warning!
Self bots like this break Discord's TOS and hence your account may get **banned**. <br>

# Requirements
You must have the following preinstalled
```
python3
pip 
discord.py
```
discord.py can be installed from command line using:
```
# Linux/macOS
python3 -m pip install -U discord.py

# Windows
py -3 -m pip install -U discord.py
```

# How to use?
###### Make sure you have all the requirements installed...
1. Clone this repositiory (or download and extract the .zip)
```
git clone https://github.com/DarkGuy10/N-u-ked
```
2. Get your Discord user token. Don't know how? [Click here](https://github.com/Tyrrrz/DiscordChatExporter/wiki/Obtaining-Token-and-Channel-IDs#how-to-get-a-user-token)

3. Open a command prompt, `cd` into the `N-u-ked` folder and run the `N-u-ked.py`
```
python N-u-ked.py
```
4. If you are prompted with a `Token not found!` message, paste the user token obtained in Step-2 and press Enter.

5. Wait till you get a `Client connected!` message and a list of servers you are in.

6. Select the server you want to raid. The code will detect the privileges you have in that server and then decide the **most damaging raid.**

###### Now watch the server die...

# Why did I make this?
Because why not! <br>
Also, this is **not** related to Divine's raid in Otogakure in any way. (except the fact that it gave me the idea to make this lol)

# Credits
https://github.com/MauriceButler/badwords <br>
https://github.com/Tyrrrz/DiscordChatExporter <br>
https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py <br>

##### Code with ❤️ at GitHub.

Commit message:

docs(readme): add discontinuation message

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">N-u-ked</h1>
<p align="center">A Discord self-bot for raiding servers written in Python 3.</p>

**I am not responsible for whatever you use the code for!!!**

# Discontinuation

The python code will get discontinued, and remain in the `legacy` branch.

The entire repo is going to get rewritten using NodeJS and Typescript.

# Warning!
Self bots like this break Discord's TOS and hence your account may get **banned**. <br>

# Requirements
You must have the following preinstalled
```
python3
pip 
discord.py
```
discord.py can be installed from command line using:
```
# Linux/macOS
python3 -m pip install -U discord.py

# Windows
py -3 -m pip install -U discord.py
```

# How to use?
###### Make sure you have all the requirements installed...
1. Clone this repositiory (or download and extract the .zip)
```
git clone https://github.com/DarkGuy10/N-u-ked
```
2. Get your Discord user token. Don't know how? [Click here](https://github.com/Tyrrrz/DiscordChatExporter/wiki/Obtaining-Token-and-Channel-IDs#how-to-get-a-user-token)

3. Open a command prompt, `cd` into the `N-u-ked` folder and run the `N-u-ked.py`
```
python N-u-ked.py
```
4. If you are prompted with a `Token not found!` message, paste the user token obtained in Step-2 and press Enter.

5. Wait till you get a `Client connected!` message and a list of servers you are in.

6. Select the server you want to raid. The code will detect the privileges you have in that server and then decide the **most damaging raid.**

###### Now watch the server die...

# Why did I make this?
Because why not! <br>
Also, this is **not** related to Divine's raid in Otogakure in any way. (except the fact that it gave me the idea to make this lol)

# Credits
https://github.com/MauriceButler/badwords <br>
https://github.com/Tyrrrz/DiscordChatExporter <br>
https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py <br>

##### Code with ❤️ at GitHub.
